web-speech-api/README.md, before:

# web-speech-api

Code for demos illustrating features of the Web Speech API. See [Web_Speech_API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API) for more details.

> For the latest browser support, please have a look at the browser compatibility table here: [SpeechRecognition](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechRecognition#browser_compatibility) and [Web Speech API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API#browser_compatibility).

## Speech color changer demo

[Run recognition demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/speech-color-changer/)

Tap the screen then say a color — the grammar string contains a large number of HTML named color keywords to choose from.

## On-device speech color changer demo

[Run on-device recognition demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/on-device-speech-color-changer/)

This version of the color changer demo uses the new on-device color changer functionality, which at the time of writing works in Chrome 139+ desktop only.

## Phrase matcher demo

Speak the phrase and then see if the recognition engine successfully recognises it — this is another demo that relies on speech recognition, written for a research team at the University of Nebraska at Kearney.

[Run phrase matcher demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/phrase-matcher/)

## Speak easy synthesis demo

[Run synthesis demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/speak-easy-synthesis/)

Type words in the input then submit the form to hear it spoken. You can also select the different voices available on the system, and alter the rate and pitch.

Commit message:

Add example to demonstrate speech recognition from an audio track (#333)
* Add example to demonstrate speech recognition from an audio track

* Update web-speech-api/audio-track-recognition/index.html

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

* Update web-speech-api/audio-track-recognition/index.html

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

* Update web-speech-api/audio-track-recognition/index.html

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

* Update web-speech-api/audio-track-recognition/script.js

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

* Update web-speech-api/README.md

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

---------

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

web-speech-api/README.md, after:

# web-speech-api

Code for demos illustrating features of the Web Speech API. See [Web_Speech_API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API) for more details.

> For the latest browser support, please have a look at the browser compatibility table here: [SpeechRecognition](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechRecognition#browser_compatibility) and [Web Speech API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API#browser_compatibility).

## Speech color changer demo

[Run recognition demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/speech-color-changer/)

Tap the screen then say a color — the grammar string contains a large number of HTML named color keywords to choose from.

## On-device speech color changer demo

[Run on-device recognition demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/on-device-speech-color-changer/)

This version of the color changer demo uses the new on-device color changer functionality, which at the time of writing works in Chrome 139+ desktop only.

## Phrase matcher demo

Speak the phrase and then see if the recognition engine successfully recognises it — this is another demo that relies on speech recognition, written for a research team at the University of Nebraska at Kearney.

[Run phrase matcher demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/phrase-matcher/)

## Audio track recognition demo

[Run audio track recognition demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/audio-track-recognition/)

Press the button to load an audio file, run speech recognition on it, and output a transcript of the audio to the UI.

## Speak easy synthesis demo

[Run synthesis demo live](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-speech-api/speak-easy-synthesis/)

Type words in the input then submit the form to hear it spoken. You can also select the different voices available on the system, and alter the rate and pitch.
